My name is Tao and my nick is hik you can just
find me on any social network with medic high
cloud and right now I'm the co-founder of manasai
and I'm acting our chief product officer but you
know I'm not just a product guy I coding for
like 28 years from my very early age like when
I was nine I I can't remember but you know for
AI actually I'm very newbie I just into this
industry for only two years and uh uh what I want
to achieve in the AI industry is like I want to
build a product that can you know influence 24
hours for a single user that is two years ago
that is my dream but right now I think with manus
AI actually I can achieve that dream at end of
this year right Now the maximum usage for our user
there's one single user uh he can just consume the
GPD GPU power two hours per day just for himself.
So I think we can achieve this goal at end of this
year and today uh what I want to talk about is
about two things uh one is about manners and
another thing is about cloud models. So the first
talk is about what is manas. Yeah, man. Actually,
you know, it's some not like an English word. Uh
because really it isn't. Yeah, man. This name just
comes from MIT's motto which is men's at manas.
It's a old Latin words which means man and hand.
Why we choose this name manas? Mess is the hand
is because we think for like all the past two
years all these frontier models they're already
like very smart just like uh humans brain. Yeah.
They're super smart. they are capable of like
doing different kind of of tasks but you know
even with this very very smart brain we can
make a real impact into the real world because
we don't build hands for it you know just like
when I was nine at that time that is like 1996
uh back in China and at that time our families
are not you know we are not rich enough to have a
computer in each of our family so I only have like
two times a week uh to go to the computer room in
our in my primary school and at that time even
I was the best in the class of of of of coding
but without going to the computer to like debug uh
to to write the code on the on the real machine I
can't get the code right just in one time with a
pen and a paper but you know that's exactly what
we did for the past two years we have a very smart
man but we only give it a pen and a paper and we
ask them to solve very complex programs for us. So
we think that's a program. So in manas we we don't
train models. We don't even like post training
models. What we do is like we are building hands
for these models. Yeah, that is you know the
the concept be behind our lane manas. Yeah,
I think like most of you maybe uh saw our product
man on social or you already a man user and you
must like saw some use cases on our website
any like social network but today I also want
to like just share like two uh new use cases one
from our internal usage another is from our user.
Yeah. So this one is actually from our internal
usage. Yeah because we are expanding globally.
We just opened our Singapore office three weeks
ago and opened our Tokyo office two weeks ago and
we will open our San Francisco office tomorrow.
Yeah. So when we are choosing our Tokyo office,
uh we are asking man to help us. It's like
we will say okay we have like a 40 people
uh we'll be relocating to Tokyo. So just find the
office we can which can fit 40 people and also we
have to solve their accommodation problem. So this
is a this is a prompt we give to manus and after
we give this prompt to manus manus just have
its own plan and then executes the plan. It's
like search browse all these websites around the
internet doing a lot of browsing browsing browsing
research research research and after 24 minutes
man just uh uh deliver this website for us. Yeah,
this website it says a Tokyo office accommodation
recommendations. It first it comes with a very
interactive map which comes all the 10 options
matt found for us. The blue marker is for the
offic's location and the green marker is the
accommodation near that office. All these 10
options just on this interactive map. Yeah. And
if you keep scrolling down you can see the first
pair is a Shibuya one. It choose the Shibuya
scramble square. That's exactly the office we
went to when when we are looking office there.
But you know this office is kind of like very
fancy but too expensive for startup like us. So
we just choose our office dear this dear near de
near de near de near de near de near de near de
near de near de near de near this this one very
very dear very very close like maybe 200 meters
away and it has the price and why we should choose
this office and if you we choose this office uh
what the commenation uh options we can get also
has the distance to the office which is very great
comes with like 10 pairs of the and at the bottom
there's like an overview table for all these
options yeah so all these have been done just
under 20 minutes. So you can imagine maybe like
your your inter or your assistant can achieve
such detailed quantity of uh of information uh
in such a short time. Another thing I want to
demo here is like yeah you can just maybe send
an image to manus uh empty room and ask manus to
analyze this rule style and go to EKS website
to find some furnitureures for your room and
then you can see the final result. Yeah. So look
first manus will just analyze uh this empty rules
image and come up with idea okay this uh what
what what style of this of this rule and the
layout and what kind of furnitureures I should
look look up in the EKS website and then M just go
to EKS website and start browsing browsing for all
these furnitureures and save these furnitureures
images and then at last man will just return an
image just with the real EKA furniture and also
with a document with all the furniture he choose
to like uh comband in this image with the link so
actually you can just click click the link to buy
it yeah right now we can't buy things for you but
who knows after three months yeah maybe we can do
payment yeah so that is kind of the things mass
can do yeah it's like a a general agent yeah they
can solve a very long tale of different type of
tasks for you. Yeah. So we can jump back to the uh
slides. Yeah. So that is like kind of like what is
manas and today I think the most I want to share
is like how we built manas. Yeah. Cursor just
inspired us a lot. We got a lot of inspirations
from cursor. I think you may sound weird because
cursor is kind of like a code editor you know.
Yeah. So all three founders of manas like pig,
red and I we're all coders for a lot of years.
So when we are using cursor I think cursor is
actually very great product. It can help us to
write different language even we don't know how
to code in this language and it's very like
like efficiency but the most interesting part
is not we coders using uh using cursor the
most interesting part is when we watch our
friends our colleagues which are long coders
watching they using cursor to solve their daily
tasks like doing data visualization batch file
processing convert a video file into an audio file
It's very fascinating because you know this is
the the interface of cursor right when these long
coders using cursor they don't care about the
left side because they they can't evaluate the
code at all they can do is just keep the accept
accept accept accept accept you know yeah so it's
very interesting when watching the those friends
you know using cursor so we we just come up with
idea which is that those l programmers just using
cursor to deal with their daily tasks. Yeah. Not
like us, you know, when we are using cursor,
we really want to write some code, you know,
that can run multiple times for the future. But
for this friend, they just want cursor to solve
their task. They don't care about the code. Next
time when they have the same task, they will not
run that code again. They will just ask a cursor
to do that. Maybe generate a new code for them.
So code is is like maybe not the ultimate goal.
It's just you know just an intermediate step for
solving problems. So we come up with idea is that
maybe we should build the opposite. Yeah we should
build the right panel of cursor and another thing
we want to build is that we want the right panel
to running in the cloud. Why is that? Because
you know when we are using cursor on our computer
there's it has to ask your permission to to
continue because it is running on on your computer
any action it perform on your computer is like
will may be dangerous right after it maybe it will
install some dependencies install some software
it may break your computer but we think if it's
running in the cloud it's much safer and also when
it's running in the cloud you don't have to pay
your attention to it you just you know assign
a task to manus you can just close your laptop
or just put your phone back to your pocket you
can do other thing and after the task is done we
will give you a notification and you will get the
result yeah so that's the original idea of how we
come up with idea of the manus that is happening
last October so from last October to this March
five months of work. This is what you saw today.
Uh which is the manusi in fifth of March. Yeah. So
that's the original idea. Yeah. Thank you guy. And
also I want to share some details when we building
manus. What kind of source we have in our man.
The first is that the first key component of manus
is that we give manus a computer which is super
important when you compare to other chatbot usage
because you know in manas each manus t will be
assigned a fully functional virtual machine manus
can use the file system terminal vs code and a
real chromium browser you know it's not a headless
browser yeah all these apps in a virtual machine
which you know it it creates a lot of different
opportunity for manus to solve different kinds
of problem like you can just drag you can just
send a zip compress file contains maybe hundreds
of of PDFs and ask manus to un unzip it and then
uh extract all these unstructured data from these
hundreds of PDFs into a structured spreadsheet
yeah that's the thing you can do so we think
give it a computer is actually what make matters
really different comparing to other agents or
other chat bots and the second thing is that we
think you know nowadays it's not it's not every
information or data is on the public internet
there are so many things under pay behind pay or
in this private databases but users because man
you know we are targeting to the consumer market
we're not targeting to the enterprise market so
for for an average user who is not very familiar
of like how to call an API you know how to write
code to access databases we think it's better for
us to prepay all these like private databases APIs
for the users then users want won't care how they
can get maybe some real-time financial data yeah
things like that so it's like we pre we prepare
this uh private databases for our users and the
third thing is that in manus actually you can
just teach manus how to solve programs like
uh one month before we release manus check GBT
just released their deep research so there's a
experience actually I don't like it's like you ask
a question to deep research it will returns five
or six questions for you know I don't I don't
think that's a very good experience because I
want you to solve task for me not asking me more
questions but you know some of our colleagues
someone in our team they like this experience so
we have an internal discussion about whether we
we should do something maybe like a workflow
or maybe like a hard code things to deliver
such experience but instead we didn't do that we
implemented a personal logic system which is like
you can just teach manus next time when you are
go out to do some research before you do before
you start just confirm all the details with me and
then executes it then manus will once you accept
that knowledge into your personal knowledge
system man will remembers it and it will just
uh acts like you know every time when it want to
do some research it will confirm with you first
and then exit it I think all these three just
makes management really powerful but I think the
most important part because if you want to build
an agent all these three reasoning I think maybe
you you definitely will give it a try but we think
why the magic happens why man is such a a great
experience the most important part is not about
these three components we think the most important
part is that at the fundamental concept of manners
we have this less structure more intelligence
you can defend this sentence at the bottom of
our official website. We just you know we just
believe in this. We we we take so much faith
in in it. And how do we define net structure
more intelligence is that when we release manus
actually we put 42 use cases on our website and
someone say okay man is is is not a saying you
just uh uh predefine some workflows maybe you
have like 42 predefined workflows but actually
you know inside manus in the core of manus we have
zero predefined workflows it's just a very simple
but very robust structure very simple structure
But we just left all the intelligence part to the
foundational model. At that time it is cloud sol
3.7 and now we have cloud 4 right. So what we are
doing is like because we are building the hands
right it's like we just compose all these context
to build them into like a more good structure and
then we provide more context to the model and we
have less control. When I say license control,
I mean multi-roll agent system, right? You have
to specify this a coding agent, this is a search
agent, this is blah blah blah agent. We think all
these kind of phones are a control. It just limits
the real potential of LMS. So for us, it's like we
just provide more context to the to the model and
the net the model uh to like improise by itself.
And uh all this magic you get from manas just come
from this very simple but very strong ideology is
less structure more intelligence. Yeah. So that
is the secret behind manas and why we choose cloud
in the first place is for three reasons. The first
one is about the long horizon planning. You know
I think before cloud sol models because because
chatbot is just so successful. So all these models
out out there uh maybe before before this March
are post train and align their alignments is for
chatboard scenario and in chatboard scenario the
model intends to answer your question in one
turn is that you ask the question and you get
the answer but you know in agentic scenarios
like in manners an average task will take maybe
30 or 50 steps and then get the final answer.
So when we are building manus actually we try
every model we can get our hands on but it finds
out only sonet can know okay I imaging a very
giant agentic loop so I should perform the action
watch the observation and decide what's the action
observation abs observation it's just a very giant
agentic loop so just so know okay I'm in this loop
so I have to gather more information before I
delivers a final result. But you know for these
five months we try all other models all of them
failed after maybe only one two three iterations
those models will think that okay I think it's
enough I will answer your questions right now so I
think that's a problem and right now what we found
the best model to run a very long horizon planning
sc is cloud solenance models that is the first
thing why we choose cloud and for second part is
about the tool use because you agent product just
heavily relied on the tool use on the function
calling. Yeah, like for us we just abstract
all these tools in that virtual machine. We
have like 27 tools in the virtual machine. So the
agent framework has to decide what's the action
should be performed into that virtual machine.
So it's it's very important to call the right
tool and write the tools parameters uh right. So
at that time when we are building manus we don't
have the sync tool in cloud models. So we kind
of like implemented some mechanism by our own we
call it coot injection which is like before every
function call we just will use another specific we
call the planner agent to do the reasoning at that
time we don't have reasoning too. Yeah because
that's that's the three 3.5. Yeah. So we have to
do the reasoning by oursel and then we inject that
reasoning that coot into the main agent and then
we perform that function call and what we found
out it's just boost the performance of function
calling and also in an article anoroptical release
at end of March with the sync tool they also
found out this and in cloud 4 it kind of has
some like a native support for the uh syncing in
the tool use I think you you guys all say in this
morning's session. Yeah. So that's the second one.
And the for third one is like we think is model
maybe the best they have the best alignment with
agentic usage because you know in agentic usage
we have to deal with the browser the computer I
think as put so much resources on the alignment
with the computer use the browser you see so which
makes cloud model maybe the best model uh to build
agents that's why we choose astropical models for
manness and also you know we just spend a lot of
tokens on M on cloud and the whistle. This is the
t-shirt I wear in the GTC event. We just wear this
this this shirt in a GTC event. Yeah, we spend
like $1 million on cloud model in the first 14
days. I think maybe that's why they they invited
us here to to give the speed. Yeah, it cost us
a lot to be on the stage, you know. Yeah. So,
that's the whole story about the manner so far.
Yeah. So if you have questions, you can just line
up at the two mics. We gonna start from right to
left. Yeah. Each by each. Yeah. Any questions?
Yeah. [Applause] Cool. Oh yeah, there's one.
Hello. Thanks for the presentation. Very
interesting. So um I don't know how much
you can share but uh I was just curious about
uh in your uh agentic workflow uh especially the
browser part how much is that uh vision and how
much is that actually you know parsing the code of
the web page right so how much of it is like the
model looking at the browser like a person would
uh and how much of that is that is more like
text type of interaction if that makes sense.
Uh sorry I I may I may to I may get the question.
It's like a so when you when the the manus uses
the web browser right? Oh yeah yeah yeah it goes
on the on a website right and how much of the
understanding of the web page oh is based on the
vision yeah I got your question how much is based
on the yeah yeah yeah that's a very good question
I actually I can share it's it's not a secret
because you know yeah uh um when we are building
mass from last October there is an open open
source project called browser use I think most of
you guys maybe know that project so we just take
a look at that project we think their way of how
to talk to the browsers is actually very useful
So we just use that part because you know two
months is later browser use has its own agent
framework. We don't use that part. We don't
use that agent framework bar. We only use the
protocol they talk to the browsers. So the
thing we are sending to the uh the context
we're sending to the foundational model when
we when is browsing internet are three things.
The first is the text in this viewport. We will
send it to to uh cloud. And the second thing is a
screenshot. Yeah. In in this viewport. And the
third thing is a screenshot but with bounding
boxes. You know then the model can decide which
area he should click. Yeah. So right now we are
just share this reason to the model. Yeah. I
don't know if I answer your question. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Cool. Oh yeah.
Another one. Hi uh I have a slightly controversial
question but I I want to kind of put put this out
to you. Yeah. uh with the advancement of lot of
these foundational model and the deep research
capability, how do you see a rapper company kind
of keeping their edge like what how do you see
it sort of what are the research area what are
the areas that you're concerned about what are you
focused so that you can actually grow in parallel
with these foundational model as their capability
increases definitely I I kind of get your question
because you know we answer this question for the
past two months to a lot of investors you know
yeah they are all asking okay what's your mode
being as a rapper you know yeah things like that
um we think you know there will be no mode just
for some very specific technology or framework
because technology will be out of data very very
very fast even for models right so we think the
only thing we can win this competition is about
the pace of innovation like what you mentioned
there's like a a use case like deep research
deep deep research is one of the main use case
in manus we have like maybe 20% of users are doing
deep research every day on manas but you know
actually we put zero effort on deep research use
cases like I just mentioned we just build a very
simple structure a very simple agent framework
the deep research capability is just emergence
from this framework which means you know maybe
open AI they need maybe half a year to do the
end to end training just for this specific use
cases. But this capability just you know just
emerges from from the whole structure. So in six
months is maybe we will have like a hundreds of
use cases like deep research and and also what we
can do is like we can leverage the best model in
the world. Yeah. You know I I I think these are
two things. It's about the flexibility of your
whole agent framework and the second thing is like
we are really flexible of choosing the best model
in the world. Yeah. All right. Thank you. Okay.
Yeah. Hi. Hello. Hi. Hello. Question. Uh so uh
right now maybe the last question. Sorry. Uh turn
around. Yeah. Okay. Um so right now you build the
uh browser in a virtual environment. Are you
planning to put uh the browser in a docker in
the local computer and later they can use the
local cookie and access all the account? Yeah,
actually we we don't have plan for local
environment because as I just mentioned
we think it's very important to like give the
users attention back to users. We don't want to
like user to pay attention still to his phone
or to his computer. We want everything to run
in the cloud. And we we we don't just have a a
Linux virtual machine. We still we we also have
plan to have a virtual Windows virtual Android
for manus to to run in the future. So it's all
about running in the cloud. Yeah. Okay. I think
my time is up. Thanks for guys for today. Yeah. Uh